SWDEV-306204 - Update HIP doxygen and documents (#2432)
ROCm-Developer-Tools/HIP: docs/markdown/hip_faq.md

- Memory management (hipMalloc(), hipMemcpy(), hipFree(), etc.)
- Streams (hipStreamCreate(),hipStreamSynchronize(), hipStreamWaitEvent(),  etc.)
- Events (hipEventRecord(), hipEventElapsedTime(), etc.)

> - Kernel launching (hipLaunchKernel/hipLaunchKernelGGL is the right API to call. hipLaunchKernelGGL is a standard C/C++ micro that can serve as an alternative way to launch kernek, and it can replace <<< >>>, if the user so desires).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Kernel launching (hipLaunchKernel/hipLaunchKernelGGL is the preferred way of launching kernels. hipLaunchKernelGGL is a standard C/C++ macro that can serve as an alternative way to launch kernels, replacing the CUDA triple-chevron (`<<< >>>`) syntax).
```
typo fixes and small a tweak in wording

Author: Thanks for the review. Updated.
